hey guys so I'm gonna try yakiniku which
is like our barbecue thing so let's
check this out
so each tables got one of these little
barbecues in the middle of it so you
start by picking what meats you want
from the menu fish they're all sorts of
me
they have intestines two hormone is
usually pig intestines they also
vegetables and salads and stuff too now
bare noodles and all sorts of stuff
soups and then yeah this particular
place has a form typical Japanese fill
out this form basically what we want one
of these and two of those and three of
these and four of those so your typical
Japan paperwork to fill out to order
food and then they come and enter into
it all into their little computerized
system thing and then we fire it up get
it hot while we're waiting for them to
bring the meat
and then the meet arrives you'll see
it's really high in fat Japanese like
meat with high fat content so it's
actually pretty tasty it wasn't sure
about it four years ago but I quite like
it now and all that condiments all the
sauces and stuff sweet and spicy and all
sorts of stuff and then we put them in
these little bowls
that's harder than it looks holding the
camera in one hand and pouring that with
the other hand but anyway did it it
meets pretty high in fat so yeah you do
tend to give it a flame when you cook
that stuff can be scary
so then we take them mate and put it in
whatever sauce you wanted to dip it in
wild
and of course either the garage
so yeah this is some of the other stuff
ahead like a knob a thing
so there's other stuff to people that
don't eat meat there is other choices
this is a Moodle thing
so that's that's not yakiniku yakiniku
means cooked meats basically so the
barbecue things are real yakiniku but
yeah other stuff too so I hope you
enjoyed that